:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:

	Below you will find the rules that my friends and I have come up 
with for Battletech.  These rules were meant to augment the existing 
rules, not replace them.  _The Battletech Compendium_ is the ruleook 
referenced throughout this text and is considered necessary for these rules 
to be used fully.
	One of the basic assumptions throughout this entire text is that 
the Clans do not exist.  Granted, some of the technology presented in here 
is Clan in nature or capability, but this system was started before the 
Clans were presented.  The history of the Battletech Universe has also been 
ignored completely.  This is evident with the huge variety of weapons and 
the fact that (for example) LB-X autocannons weigh more than standard 
autocannons.  For any system that is not specifically modifed or covered in 
these rules assume that the standard rules for "Inner Sphere" systems take 
precedence.
	The 2x engine rules were created some time ago, exact date 
forgotten.  These rules are of my design and should be considered 
copyrighted.  The Observer rules were created based upon ideas found in the 
Rec.Games.Mecha archives.  Credit is given at the end.
	The Internal Structure and Armor rules were developed recently and 
are pretty much an adjustment to existing rules plus added systems.  If 
anything appears to have come from FASA then it probably did.
	The Weapons list is a compilation of the existing weapons plus 
those developed by myself, my friends, and others.  The alternate 
ammunitions were an outgrowth of rules presented in the FASA product 
_Unbound_ and material found in the aforementioned archives.  
	The Infantry Rules were developed to make all types of infantry a 
viable selection.  These rules were also intened to make them a little more 
capable of playing a role on the battlefield.
	The Credit Section is where I give credit to those who inspired me 
to put something resembling their work into my compilation.  I tried to 
give credit where it is due, but if you feel slighted I apologize.  One 
source of inspiration and information tht is not credited there is FASA.  
They deserve the credit for anything that resembles material from the 
rulebook and the product _Unbound_.
	If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions feel free to 
send Email to MURRAYMD@UDAVXB.OCA.UDAYTON.EDU or 
	Matt Murray
	144 Medford Apt E
	Dayton OH 45410

				ENJOY!!!


	T W O    E N G I N E    A N D    T W O    C O C K P I T    
	
	The 2xeng and 2xeng2xcockpit mech rules will require that you make 
new mech sheets for these monsters.  With a little bit of work, clear tape, 
and photocopies you can cut up, you can make the sheets no problem.  I'll 
give you what location has how many crits of each thing.

	2 ENGINE MECHS

	The two engine mech is simply a battlemech that has such a high 
speed that the weight or power requirements are so high that two engines 
are requird as opposed to one.  For a mech to have two engines, it must 
pass one of two requirements.  If it doesn't, then the mech will simply use 
one engine.  NOTE: The weight requirements below are based upon standard 
engine weights and are regardless of the possibility of the engines being 
ST or XL engines. 

	For the design of your mech, replace the rules for "Determine 
engine weight" with this list:

	1) Detremine the speed of the mech
	2) Determine the Engine rating
	3) Determine the Engine weight
	4) Check to see if steps 2 or 3 qualify the mech for 2x engine 
	   status.  If the mech does qualify, follow ths steps:
		A) If the last digit of the Engine rating is a 5, add 5 to 
		   the engine rating making it an even number.
		B) Divide the engine rating by 2 creating the engine 
		   ratings of the 2 smaller engines to be used.
		C) Use the smaller engine ratings to determine the engine 
		   weights of the two smaller engines.  
		D) Modify the weights of the engines appropriately if you 
		   are going to use ST or XL engines.
		E) Add the weights of the engines together to determine the 
		   final weight of th engines. 
	(Note: Gyro weight is based upon the engine rating from line 4A.)
		  
REQUIREMENTS:

If the mech is 55-100 tons, then the requirements are:

	1) The required engine rating is above 400

			or

	2) The weight of the engine required is 75% or greater than the 
	   weight of the mech.

If the mech is 5-50 tons, then the requirements are:

	1) The required engine rating is above 400

			or

	2) The weight of the engine required is 50% or greater than the
	   weight of the mech.

	Now that the rules for what mechs are allowed to have 2 engines 
have been established, next are the special rules pertaining to them.

	1) Since the mech has 2 fusion engines, it also has 20 heat sinks.
		A) They can be made double heat sinks.
		B) The number of HS that can be put on to an engine w/out 
		   being represented on the critical hit table is based 
		   upon the engine rating of each engine, not the combined 
		   engine ratings. 
		C) If the engine heat sinks are double HS, then divide the 
		   number of heat sinks that can be put on an engine by the 
		   number of crits each double heat sink takes up. (This 
		   rule is put in so that double heat sinks are not common 
		   and do not unbalance the game since heat is the 
		   restraining factor in this game.  This rule is also 
		   under the assumption that the rules concerning mixing 
		   standard and double heat sinks are changed.  If you want 
		   to, you can mount double and standard HS on a mech.  All 
		   of the heat sinks from the engines must be the same 
		   type.  All 20 must be either double or standard, not 
		   half&half.  If you keep the original rule saying ALL 
		   heat sinks must be the same type, then you may also 
		   consider possibly ignore this subrule completely.
	2) A damage track is kept for each engine.  It is possible for a 2x 
	   engine mech to recieve 4 engine hits, 2 per engine.  When one of 
	   the two engines receives 3 hits, it is destroyed and the move 
	   rate of the mech is halved, rounding down.  The destroyed engine 
	   also stops producing heat due to damage or moving.  A 2x engine 
	   mech is considered destroyed when both engines are destroyed, 
	   i.e.: When each engine has received 3 engine hits.  Any HS 
	   mounted on the engine and not represented on the crit. hit table 
	   for the mech are also destroyed. 
	3) When the internal structure for a side torso has been completely 
	   destroyed, that sides engine is also counted as destroyed with the 
	   appropriate effects for losing one engine as outlined in rule 2.
	4) The Critical Hit table for a 2x engined mech is different from 
	   that you would find on a standard one.
		A) Change the center torso by changing all engine slots 
		   (11,12,13,22,23,24) into empty slots that can mount
		   equipment.
		B) Change both of the side torsos to this slot 
		   configuration:
